Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
First Session
Daily Agenda
Thursday, Chaitra 19, 2082
2:00 PM
1. Letter from the President
The Honorable Senior Member/The Honorable Speaker will read out the letter received from the Honorable President regarding the convening of the session.
2. Letter from the Office of the President
The Honorable Speaker will read out the letters received from the Office of the President regarding the appointment of the Prime Minister and the formation of the Council of Ministers.
3. Proposal to conduct proceedings as per the House of Representatives Rules of Procedure, 2079, to be presented and approved
The Honorable Speaker will present for approval a proposal to conduct proceedings as per the House of Representatives Rules of Procedure, 2079, until the House formulates its own rules as per Article 104 of the Constitution of Nepal.
4. Nomination of members to chair the meeting
The Honorable Speaker will nominate Honorable Members to chair the meeting in the absence of the Speaker.
5. Remarks on the occasion of the commencement of the session
Honorable Members will present their respective remarks on a party basis on the occasion of the commencement of the session.
6. Date to be set for the election of the Speaker
The Honorable Speaker will set a date for the election of the Speaker of the House of Representatives as per Rule 7 of the House of Representatives Rules of Procedure, 2079.
7. Ordinances to be presented
The Honorable Home Minister, Sudhan Gurung, will present the following ordinances:-
(a) "Voter Roll (First Amendment) Ordinance, 2082"
(b) "House of Representatives Member Election (First Amendment) Ordinance, 2082"
(c) "Nepal Special Service (Second Amendment) Ordinance, 2082"
8. Condolence Motion
The Honorable Speaker will present condolence motions for the former members of the Constituent Assembly and members: Rishikesh Gautam, Mohammad Aftab Alam, Krishna Kumari Shrestha, Amod Prasad Upadhyay, Homanath Dahal, and Baldev Bohara, member of the Constituent Assembly and National Assembly.
Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General