Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
Second Session
Meeting Number - 68
Daily Agenda
Federal Parliament of Nepal
Friday, October 3, 2083
11:00 AM
Agenda Items:
1. Presentation of Annual Report
On behalf of the Right Honourable Prime Minister Balendra Shah, the Honourable Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, Sobita Gautam, will present the "Eighth Annual Report of the National Natural Resources and Fiscal Commission, 2083".
2. Management Work
On behalf of the Right Honourable Prime Minister Balen Shah, the Honourable Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, Sobita Gautam, will present a proposal to send the "Bill to Amend Some Nepal Laws, 2083" to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion.
3. On behalf of the Right Honourable Prime Minister and Minister for Defence, Balendra Shah, the Honourable Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, Sobita Gautam, will present a proposal to send the "National Defence University Bill, 2083" to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion.
4. The Honourable Minister for Physical Infrastructure Development, Sunil Lamsal, will present a proposal to send the "Solid Waste Management Bill, 2083" to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion.
5. The Honourable Minister for Women, Children, Senior Citizens and Social Security, Sita Badi, will present a proposal to send the "Bill to Amend Some Nepal Laws Related to Women, Children, Senior Citizens and Social Security, 2083" to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion.
6. The Honourable Minister for Health and Population, Nisha Mehta, will:
(a) present a proposal to send the "Bill to Replace Breast Milk (Regulation of Sale and Distribution) (First Amendment) Bill, 2083" to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion.
(b) present a proposal to send the "Safe Motherhood and Reproductive Health Rights (First Amendment) Bill, 2083" to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion.
(c) present a proposal to send the "Health Workers and Health Institutions Security (Second Amendment) Bill, 2083" to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion.
(d) present a proposal to send the "Ramraja Prasad Singh Health Sciences Institute Bill, 2083" to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion.
7. On behalf of the Right Honourable Prime Minister Balendra Shah, the Honourable Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, Sobita Gautam, will:
(a) present a proposal for discussion on the "Constitutional Bodies' Remuneration, Service Conditions and Facilities (First Amendment) Bill, 2083, along with the report of the State Affairs and Good Governance Committee."
(b) present a proposal to pass the "Constitutional Bodies' Remuneration, Service Conditions and Facilities (First Amendment) Bill, 2083".
8. Notice of Absence
The Right Honourable Speaker will present notices of absence received from Honourable Members who have been absent for 10 or more meetings, in accordance with Rule 213 (1) of the House of Representatives Regulations, 2083, for the approval of the House.
9. Letter from the President
The Right Honourable Speaker will read out a letter from the Right Honourable President.
10. Condolence Motion
The Right Honourable Speaker will present the following condolence motion on the demise of former member Prakash Bahadur Gurung:
"This meeting of the House of Representatives expresses deep sorrow over the untimely demise of Prakash Bahadur Gurung, who was elected from Kaski Constituency No. 3 in the 2056 House of Representatives election from the Nepali Congress, served as the former Assistant Minister for Industry, Commerce and Supply, and played a leading role in the establishment of democracy and the rule of law, at the age of 72 on October 13, 2083. The House of Representatives extends heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family."
Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General