Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
Second Session
Meeting Number - 20
Federal
Nepal
Daily Agenda
Parliament,
Wednesday, Jestha 27, 2083
11:00 AM
Letter from the Office of the President
The Honorable Speaker will read out the letter from the Office of the President regarding the reshuffle of the Council of Ministers.
1. Letter from the Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers
The Honorable Speaker will read out the letter from the Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers regarding the additional work assigned.
2. Nomination to the Business Advisory Committee
The Honorable Speaker will inform about the nomination of Honorable Members to the Business Advisory Committee.
3. Reshuffle in Thematic Committees
The Honorable Speaker will reshuffle the names of Honorable Members in the thematic committees under the House of Representatives.
4. Information regarding the non-return of the Finance Bill within the deadline
The Honorable Speaker will inform that the "Alternative Development Finance Mobilization Bill, 2082" has not been returned by the National Assembly within the deadline.
5. Commencement of discussion on the Annual Estimates of Revenue and Expenditure
The Honorable Finance Minister, Dr. Swarnim Wagle, will present the proposal to "Commence general discussion on the Annual Estimates of Revenue and Expenditure for the fiscal year 2083/084" with a statement.
6. General discussion on the Annual Estimates of Revenue and Expenditure for the fiscal year 2083/084 will commence.
7. The Honorable Finance Minister, Dr. Swarnim Wagle, will respond to the questions raised during the discussion.
8. Management Work
The Honorable Finance Minister, Dr. Swarnim Wagle:
(a) Will present the proposal to seek permission to present the "Appropriation Bill, 2083".
(b) Will present the "Appropriation Bill, 2083".
(c) Will present the proposal to seek permission to present the "Public Debt Raising Bill, 2083".
(d) Will present the "Public Debt Raising Bill, 2083".
(e) Will present the proposal to seek permission to present the "Nepal Rastra Bank (Third Amendment) Bill, 2083".
(f) Will present the "Nepal Rastra Bank (Third Amendment) Bill, 2083".
9. The Honorable Minister of Communications and Information Technology, Dr. Vikram Timilsina, will present the proposal to "Send the "Film Bill, 2082", which originated in the National Assembly, to the relevant committee for clause-wise discussion".
Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General