Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
Second Session
Meeting Number - 67
Federal Parliament of Nepal
Daily Business Schedule
Thursday, October 2, 2083
11:00 AM
Presentation of Annual Report
On behalf of the Honorable Prime Minister Balendra Shah, the Honorable Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs Sobita Gautam will present the "Eighth Annual Report of the National Natural Resources and Fiscal Commission, 2083".
Presentation of Committee Report on Bills
Harí Thakal, Honorable Chairperson of the State Affairs and Good Governance Committee, will present the "Report of the Committee on the (First Amendment) Bill relating to Remuneration, Service Conditions and Facilities of Office Bearers of Constitutional Bodies, 2083".
Management Work
Honorable Finance Minister Dr. Swarnim Wagle will:
(a) Present the proposal that "The Employees Provident Fund (Tenth Amendment) Bill, 2083 be sent to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion".
(b) Present the proposal that "The Citizen Investment Fund (Third Amendment) Bill, 2083 be sent to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion".
(c) Present the proposal that "The Payment and Settlement (First Amendment) Bill, 2083 be sent to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion".
Condolence Motion
The Honorable Speaker will present the following condolence motion on the demise of former member Ghanendra Basnet:
"The House of Representatives expresses sorrow over the untimely demise of Ghanendra Basnet, who was elected as a member of the House of Representatives from Sankhuwasabha Constituency No. 2 in the 2048 BS House of Representatives election and from Bhojpur Constituency No. 1 in the 2056 BS House of Representatives election, and who played a leading role in the establishment of democracy and the democratic system, at the age of 74 on October 14, 2083 BS. This meeting of the House of Representatives expresses heartfelt condolences on his demise and extends sympathy to the bereaved family."
Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General