Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
Second Session
Meeting Number - 9
Federal
Nepal
Parliament
Daily Business Schedule
May 28, 2083, Monday
2:00 PM
President's Letter
The Honorable Speaker will read out the letter received from the Honorable President regarding the convening of the session.
1. Letter from the Office of the President
The Honorable Speaker will read out the letter received from the Office of the President regarding the reshuffle of the Council of Ministers.
2. Nomination of Members to Chair the Meeting
The Honorable Speaker will nominate Honorable Members to chair the meeting in the absence of the Speaker.
3. Submission for Approval of the Order to Remove Obstacles
The Honorable Speaker will submit the Order to Remove Obstacles issued in accordance with Rule 260 of the House of Representatives Regulations, 2079 for approval.
4. Presentation of the Report of the Regulations Drafting Committee
The Honorable Chairperson of the House of Representatives Regulations Drafting Committee, Ganesh Parajuli, will present the "Report of the House of Representatives Regulations Drafting Committee, 2083".
5. Presentation of Ordinances
The Honorable Prime Minister, Balendra Shah, will:
(a) Present the "Public Procurement (Second Amendment) Ordinance, 2083".
(b) Present the "Special Arrangement Ordinance for the Removal from Office of Public Office Bearers, 2083".
(c) Present the "Constitutional Council (Work, Duties, Authority, and Procedures) (First Amendment) Ordinance, 2083".
6. The Honorable Finance Minister, Dr. Swarnim Wagle, will present the "Anti-Money Laundering (Third Amendment) Ordinance, 2083".
7. The Honorable Minister for Law, Justice, and Parliamentary Affairs, Sobita Gautam, will present the "Ordinance to Amend Some Nepal Laws, 2083".
8. The Honorable Minister for Land Management, Cooperatives, and Poverty Alleviation, Pratibha Rawal, will present the "Cooperatives (First Amendment) Ordinance, 2083".
9. The Honorable Minister for Health and Population, Nisha Mehta, will present the "Ordinance to Amend Some Nepal Laws Related to Health Science Academies, 2083".
10. The Honorable Minister for Education, Science, and Technology, Susmita Pokharel, will present the "Ordinance to Amend Some Nepal Laws Related to Universities, 2083".
Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General