Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
Second Session
Meeting Number - 23
Nepal
Daily Agenda
Monday, Ashad 1, 2083
11:00 AM
Reorganization of Thematic Committees
The Honorable Speaker will reorganize the names of the Honorable Members in the thematic committees under the House of Representatives.
2. Discussion on the Appropriation Bill Begins
Discussions will commence on various headings of the Appropriation Bill, 2083, under which discussions will be held in a grouped manner on various headings of the following ministries:-
(a) Ministry of Youth, Labor and Employment
(b) Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Supplies
(c) Ministry of Agriculture, Forest and Environment
(d) Ministry of Information and Communications
(e) Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation
(f) Ministry of Education and Sports
(g) Ministry of Health and Food Security
(h) Ministry of Land Management, Cooperatives, Federal Affairs and General Administration
(i) Ministry of Women, Children, Senior Citizens and Social Security
3. Honorable Kripa Ram Rana will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Supplies under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
4. Honorable Parvati B.K. will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Supplies under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, by one hundred rupees.
5. Honorable Jog Kumar Barabariya Yadav will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forest and Environment under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
6. Honorable Santosh Subba will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forest and Environment under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
7. Honorable Nita Ghataani will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Information and Communications under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
8. Honorable Parshuram Tamang will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, by one hundred rupees.
9. Honorable Arjun Kumar Karki will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Education and Sports under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
10. Honorable Narendra Kumar Kerung will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Education and Sports under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
11. Honorable Ramesh Kumar Mall will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Education and Sports under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
12. Honorable Sajida Khatun Siddiki will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Health and Food Security under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
13. Honorable Yuvraj Dulal will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Health and Food Security under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, by one hundred rupees.
14. Honorable Eshu Kumari Baral will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount of the Ministry of Land Management, Cooperatives, Federal Affairs and General Administration under the Appropriation Bill, 2083, to one rupee.
Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General