Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
Second Session
Meeting Number - 24
Federal
Nepal
Daily Agenda
Parliament,
2083 Ashar 2, Tuesday
11:00 AM
Discussion on the Appropriation Bill to continue
Discussion will commence on various headings of the Appropriation Bill, 2083
under the following:
1. Discussion will be held in a grouped manner on various headings of the Ministry:-
(a) Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation
(b) Ministry of Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs
(c) Ministry of Infrastructure Development
(d) Ministry of Home Affairs
(e) Ministry of Energy, Water Resources and Irrigation
(f) Ministry of Foreign Affairs
(g) Ministry of Finance
(h) Ministry of Defense, Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers, National Planning Commission Secretariat, Office of the Vice President and Office of the President
2. Honorable Guru Prasad Baral will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation of the Appropriation Bill, 2083 to one rupee.
3. Honorable Ramesh Kumar Mall will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs of the Appropriation Bill, 2083 to one rupee.
4. Honorable Mohammad Ishtiyak Rai will present a proposal to reduce the mentioned expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Infrastructure Development of the Appropriation Bill, 2083.
5. Honorable Balawati Sharma will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Infrastructure Development of the Appropriation Bill, 2083 to one rupee.
6. Honorable Bishnu Maya BK will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Appropriation Bill, 2083 to one rupee.
7. Honorable Yagya Bahadur Bogati will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Energy, Water Resources and Irrigation of the Appropriation Bill, 2083 to one rupee.
8. Honorable Parvati BK will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount by one hundred rupees under the heading of the Ministry of Energy, Water Resources and Irrigation of the Appropriation Bill, 2083.
9. Honorable Ain Bahadur Mahar will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Appropriation Bill, 2083 to one rupee.
10. Honorable Pushpa Raj Kandel will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Finance of the Appropriation Bill, 2083 to one rupee.
11. Honorable Parshuram Tamang will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount by one hundred rupees under the heading of the Ministry of Finance of the Appropriation Bill, 2083.
12. Honorable Padma Kumari Aryal will present a proposal to reduce the expenditure amount under the heading of the Ministry of Defense, Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers, National Planning Commission Secretariat, Office of the Vice President and Office of the President of the Appropriation Bill, 2083 to one rupee.
Condolence Motion
13. The Honorable Speaker will present a condolence motion for Mangal Prasad Gupta, former member of the House of Representatives.
Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General