Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
Second Session
Meeting No. 30
Daily Business Schedule
Federal
Nepal
Parliament,
Thursday, Ashar 18, 2083
11:00 AM
Letter from the Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers
1. The Honorable Speaker will read out the contents of the letter received from the Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers regarding additional responsibilities.
Management Work
2. On behalf of the Honorable Prime Minister Balendra Shah, the Honorable Minister of Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs Sobita Gautam will present a proposal to "Discuss the Public Procurement (Second Amendment) Bill, 2083 clause by clause in the House."
3. Amendments presented to the "Public Procurement (Second Amendment) Bill, 2083" will be presented for decision.
4. On behalf of the Honorable Prime Minister Balen Shah, the Honorable Minister of Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs Sobita Gautam will present a proposal to "Pass the Public Procurement (Second Amendment) Bill, 2083."
5. The Honorable Minister of Finance Dr. Swarnim Wagle will present a proposal to "Discuss the Anti-Money Laundering (Third Amendment) Bill, 2083 clause by clause in the House."
6. Amendments presented to the "Anti-Money Laundering (Third Amendment) Bill, 2083" will be presented for decision.
7. The Honorable Minister of Finance Dr. Swarnim Wagle will present a proposal to "Pass the Anti-Money Laundering (Third Amendment) Bill, 2083."
8. The Honorable Minister of Land Management, Cooperatives, and Poverty Alleviation Pratibha Rawal will present a proposal to "Discuss the Cooperatives (First Amendment) Bill, 2083 clause by clause in the House."
9. Amendments presented to the "Cooperatives (First Amendment) Bill, 2083" will be presented for decision.
10. The Honorable Minister of Land Management, Cooperatives, and Poverty Alleviation Pratibha Rawal will present a proposal to "Pass the Cooperatives (First Amendment) Bill, 2083."
11. The Honorable Minister of Health and Population Nisha Mehta will present a proposal to "Discuss the Bill to Amend Some Nepal Acts Related to Health Science Institutes, 2083 clause by clause in the House."
12. Amendments presented to the "Bill to Amend Some Nepal Acts Related to Health Science Institutes, 2083" will be presented for decision.
13. The Honorable Minister of Health and Population Nisha Mehta will present a proposal to "Pass the Bill to Amend Some Nepal Acts Related to Health Science Institutes, 2083."
Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General