Federal Parliament
House of Representatives, 2082
Second Session
Meeting Number - 19
Nepal
Daily Agenda
Tuesday, Jestha 26, 2083
1:00 PM
Letter from the Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers
1. The Hon'ble Speaker will read out the letter received from the Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers regarding the additional work assigned.
Nomination to the Business Advisory Committee
2. The Hon'ble Speaker will inform about the nomination of Hon'ble Members to the Business Advisory Committee.
Information regarding the Finance Bill not being returned within the deadline
3. The Hon'ble Speaker will inform that the "Alternative Development Finance Mobilization Bill, 2082" has not been returned by the National Assembly within the deadline.
Commencement of Discussion on the Annual Estimates of Revenue and Expenditure
4. The Hon'ble Finance Minister, Dr. Swarnim Wagle, will present a proposal to "Commence a general discussion on the Annual Estimates of Revenue and Expenditure for the fiscal year 2083/084."
A general discussion on the Annual Estimates of Revenue and Expenditure for the fiscal year 2083/084 will commence.
5. The Hon'ble Finance Minister, Dr. Swarnim Wagle, will respond to the questions raised during the discussion.
Management Work
The Hon'ble Finance Minister, Dr. Swarnim Wagle:
7. (a) Will present a proposal seeking permission to present the "Appropriation Bill, 2083".
(b) Will present the "Appropriation Bill, 2083".
(c) Will present a proposal seeking permission to present the "Public Debt Raising Bill, 2083".
(d) Will present the "Public Debt Raising Bill, 2083".
(e) Will present a proposal seeking permission to present the "Nepal Rastra Bank (Third Amendment) Bill, 2083".
(f) Will present the "Nepal Rastra Bank (Third Amendment) Bill, 2083".
8. The Hon'ble Minister for Information and Communications, Dr. Bikram Timilsina, will present a proposal that "The Cinematograph Bill, 2082, which originated in the National Assembly, be sent to the relevant committee for clause-by-clause discussion."

Padma Prasad Pandey
Secretary-General